Now, first of all, why do I need to quit this process with control?
See, the reason for this is that despite me calling done, Mocha detects that there is still some open
process in the event loop and indeed there is our database connection which we open but never closed.
So one thing we should do here is when we're done with our expectations, we might want to call mongoose
disconnect and only when this is done.
So here in the then callback we call done.
Now this is the first important step, but right now this wouldn't work because we actually have an
overall error in our test case.
Therefore we don't even make it into this then block here.
Instead, our setup right here already fails and frozen error because of that duplicate key because
we hard coding and ID here and we already have a user with that ID in the database and the ID has to
be unique and therefore MongoDB complains when we create it again.
The solution is to clean up once we're done.
So besides disconnecting before we actually disconnect, I want to call user delete many and pass on
an empty object, which means all users are deleted and that is generally not the worst idea.
If you have a test where you set up dummy data, clean up everything after that test so that you can
be sure that you have a clean setup for the next test thereafter and also for the next test run, which
is the issue here.
Here for our second test run, we have no clean setup because we already have that user now with delete
many.
We cleaned it up there, we now have that then lock and there I then want to disconnect and in the then
block there I then want to use done.
Of course we can clean this up a little bit by converting this to one promise chain and we can even
convert this to one promise chain.
But anyways, the code isn't super pretty and we'll fix this soon.
But for now the result should at least be that if we run this again.
Well, it still fails because we still have that an issue initially.
Let me actually go there and manually delete this user.
And now if I run this again, obviously it will succeed.
But now also for subsequent runs, it should work.
So now.
This, uh.
Fails because I have one extra exclamation mark here.
So let me now.
Convert this back to the valid validation here.
Let's now rerun this test here.
And of course, clean.
And of course, refresh here and clean up this user one more time.
So that we have one clean run.
Now if we run NPM test.
Now they all pass and aspergillosis finishes.
But of course this is not perfect.
As you can tell, whenever a test fails, we don't make it into this cleanup phase here because that
will throw an error and therefore we would have to add a catch phrase overall so we don't make it into
this cleanup part here if an expectation fails.
And in general, this is pretty clunky and pretty hard to read code.
And if we have a number test that requires a MongoDB database or our dummy set up, well then we have
to repeat all that code and therefore there is a cleaner solution to all of that.